All right.
So we have done almost everything we need to clear the post along with the featured image so we can
create a post.
We include, we can add a title.
We have there is a text editor, we can add images.
We can embed images in the post.
We can do all that and we can now we can two categories and we can now choose the featured images as
well as you can see you.
Right.
So what we need to do now is show the all these posts that we already have created for post.
So let's just create one more word here.
And in the next video, we're going to start showing the the post.
I guess we can create a wrote the endpoint in the back end that will give us all the posts and then
we're going to display all this posts we can display either in the homepage or maybe we'll create another
piece called Post and that's where we can decide the post.
So maybe we could have a base for posts like this one.
This is the finished project.
And see we have the post office and here we show all this post like this.
All right.
So we're going to work on that now before we do the link discretely, finish this one.
Let's create this one.
And then in this video, I'm also going to talk about the SEO.
Right?
So search engine optimization, that is very important if you want your website to be found on Google
Search.
Right.
So by default, the React applications, if you use create React by default, they are not not very
SEO friendly technically.
Google says they still call these websites the building itself and that was stripped entirely.
But still, I will give you the examples of you will see the difference.
So this is let me quickly create this post
the last post from.
Right.
Let me just copy some content from here.
Oh, and personally, I don't have any.
Let me.
Let's go down.
Let's try this one.
I guess I've got some content and I mean copy.
And then let's go back.
It's best you.
And also so we have the featured images as well.
So let's go ahead and publish this one.
All right.
So it has been created.
We got all these posts right now.
It's time to show the post in the new piece.
Now, before we work on that, let me quickly say the importance of next year.
The whole reason we're using next year and not create React EP is for SEO reason.
For example, you know this website we are creating now, this is a finished one.
So this is issue friendly.
This is built with the next year and we're going to use the get initial props function to load all this
post from the back in.
Not use it this time because this piece will be for users.
So people will be visiting the space.
This will be available publicly.
So far, whatever we did here, for example, admin, this base doesn't have to be issue because this
is for the user.
When they log in, they will access this space.
So this is not a publicly available place, so it doesn't have to be issue.
So that's why we used the use effect hook to load all the post.
Now when we want to create the post base for the public, then we want to make sure they are certain.
Don't really know.
What I mean by that is you can see this when we lowered anything using user effect, those content that
we are showing on the page, they're actually not available in the bases really.
So when the base is ready immediately, it is not there.
It it is there for a few seconds, a few milliseconds.
Okay.
However, if the page is so said rendered, then the content until the content is there, the business
will not learn at all.
So in the page load, the content is already there.
So that's why when the of the search engine.
Roberts For example, the Google search engine bought, when they come looking for your site, they
will on the very first load.
If they don't see any content, they will just move on.
Yeah.
So that's why they probably will not index because they will see the empty site even though you have
the content the load bit later because the you using use effect.
So when they don't see the content, they just move on and they don't index your site.
So that's why it is not really great for issue.
However, if you're using next year and using the get initial props instead of use effect, which we're
going to use in the very next lesson that will make sure that your business does not render until the
data is received from the server.
So that is also known as server side rendering.
All right.
So we're going to use that so that our pages are issue friendly now really quickly.
So you are two sites, one using just create React app.
Okay.
So let me go to Ryan to the intercom.
That's my side here.
I show some of the the project based course.
They have the lab demo here.
So let me show you one recent lab built a ecommerce application to take out the demo, but then now
this one is not really cleared.
Face you all right.
That's because you can see this space has all this content to this is the new arrivals the product title
in a product description.
I guess some more product category names, subcategories names.
All this content is here.
It's really good for you.
However, it might not be noticed by search engines.
That's because it really means right click and spew business.
You can see this is the the code that the searching robot will see.
Now you can see we have a div with the idea of root and it is empty I guess because by default it is
empty only when the when we get the data then we have some content to show on the page.
So by default, the search in the robots, they will see the empty space.
So they will probably not index.
Now, technically, Google says that they index all the pieces, even they are built with full JavaScript
they will index.
However, obviously there is a difference and it's not if you.
Primary focus is issue, then you want to use next year or some kind of associated rendering instead
of just using a create react like this.
I guess this is the create factor.
Now, let me show you another side.
That is built with Nexus and that is issue friendly, which is a simpler platform.
So here we have all these blocs here.
So we have some discontent here.
Now, let me rightly and you base source.
Now you can see here all that content you can see here.
It's not just the empty div like this one for that ecommerce exhibition.
You see the difference.
So when a Google search, the search engine boards, they come looking for the site.
They will see all this content for the very first time when the bases loaded.
So they will know that.
Okay, so this website has a lot of this content, so we should probably index it.
So that's how it works.
However, with the plane and react, it's a little bit difficult.
Now, of course, over time, once you so it gets more and more traffic and Google will people will
come to your site for useful information.
Then obviously over time Google will index.
It's not like that.
It will be invisible for search engines.
It's not like that, but it's not a great starting point if you want to focus an issue.
Okay.
So with that said, I showed you, for example, a bit of a theory.
Now let's move on and let's create a post piece like this so that we can so all this post with service
and so said drini using he the get get sort of sad thanks.